STATEFULL = PODE ATUALIZAR
STATELESS = NAO ATUALIZA
SETSTATE = PARA ATUALIZAR A TELA 

ESTRUTURA

MATERIALAPP (Stateful)
SCAFFOLD (esqueleto do app)
APP TITLE
BOTTOM NAVIGATION BAR? (setState)


Widgets para mandar para outra tela
Navigator.push - Navegar para outra pagina e pode voltar
Navigator.pushReplacement - Substitui a pagina atual, bom para mandar para a tela inicial dps do login

-----------------------------
To see a Flutter app on a physical Android phone, follow these steps: 

    Enable Developer Options and USB Debugging on your phone:
        Navigate to your phone's Settings.
        Find About phone (or a similar option like "Software information").
        Locate the Build number and tap it rapidly (usually 7 times) until you see a message confirming that "Developer options" are enabled.
        Go back to the main Settings menu, or look under System, and you should find Developer options.
        Enter Developer options and enable USB debugging. 
    Connect your phone to your computer:
        Use a reliable USB cable, preferably the one that came with your phone, to connect your device to your computer.
        If prompted on your phone, authorize your computer to access the device and allow USB debugging. 
    Verify device connection (optional but recommended):
        Open your terminal or command prompt and run the command: 

Código

        flutter devices

    Your device should be listed as a connected device. If not, ensure correct drivers are installed and try re-enabling USB debugging. 

    Select your device in your IDE (e.g., VS Code, Android Studio):
        In your IDE, locate the device selection dropdown (often in the bottom bar in VS Code) and choose your connected physical device. 
    Run the Flutter app:
        In your IDE, initiate the run or debug process for your Flutter application. This will build the app and install it onto your connected phone.
        Alternatively, you can use the command line in your project's root directory: 

Código

        flutter run

After these steps, your Flutter app will launch and be visible on your physical Android phone.